Add Brew install instructions to CLI directions (#161)
qri-io/website: content/docs/getting-started/qri-cli-quickstart.md

For `qri` commands to be available in your terminal, you must have the Qri binary installed through one of the following methods:

> - On macOS: `brew install qri-io/qri/qri`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install a Mac, Windows, or Linux build of Qri](https://github.com/qri-io/qri/releases)
- Homebrew installation (macOS only): `brew install qri-io/qri/qri`
```

> - [Install a Windows or Linux build of Qri](/download)

Author: the entire change is here
